Lord Shangguan
Why is there an order underground?
I will go with you to the leader
Yeah.
After all, it is 10% intolerable to the common people and good products
Gao Gongzi is so smart
No wonder His Majesty values you so much
No wonder for me
It seems that I am not the only one in Your Majesty's assessment this time.
If I'm not mistaken
And Choi Joong-won
How do you know?
How much power do I have on this trip?
Surveillance History
Patrol the world for His Majesty
In charge of life and death
To Linjiang City
Up to the county magistrate
Down to the common people
All Gao Gongzi can command
Including you
Ah.
What ocean?
Uh Mr. Gao
Your request is a bit inexplicable.
eldest son
Why don't you take a look at the slave's legs first?
I said master
How long will this Jade Lord arrive?
Du Xin Lei Mo Qi
Lord Jade
The beard will be here soon.
Can you be in a hurry?
This Liang Family Concubine Zhao
Qian Hanlin's four merchants are more cunning than the other
All wind behavior
The Liang family has shaken from 40 points
It rose to 100 points
Mosquitoes have risen 6 times
These people can't afford it anymore
Can you call this county in a hurry?
Hey, Lord Du
Someone is coming from afar
Get up, get up the house
Yushuidaren Road
Oh, dear.
Ah!
It's finally here.